Jennifer Olzinger, NIGP-CPP, CPPB Chief Procurement Officer LOGIN REGISTRATION BID OPPORTUNITIES CURRENT CONTRACTS BUYING PLAN RESOURCES Educational Materials FAQ'S WELCOME TO BEACON Office of Management & Budget, Bureau of Procurement MISSON STATEMENT Our mission is to be the strategic partner of all City agencies, providing them with the best commodities and services at the best value, in order to meet their operational goals to serve the citizens, 
                    while advancing the City’s objectives of transparency, fairness, social inclusion and sustainability. VISION STATEMENT Our goal is to facilitate the delivering of these services with a customer service focused approach in a competitive, ethical, open and fair environment with the goal of maximizing the tax payer’s 
                    dollar while fostering a climate of value-added business relationships between our Office, our Departments and our Suppliers. As of September 2021 the City of Pittsburgh has partnered with OpenGov and is excited to announce the upcoming November 1 release of our updated and enhanced public facing Solicitation and Contracts 
                        portal, ProcureNow , that will offer users a more efficient, easy to navigate, customer friendly tool that will allow interested parties to do the following: Register to bid and receive notifications of future opportunities in the e-Procurement Portal by selecting Subscribe to create an account. Create a custom vendor profile and choose the categories for which you wish to receive notifications. Follow updates to existing solicitations by finding the solicitation and clicking the Follow button. This will allow all interested parties to receive amendments and addenda automatically. Submit questions and receive answers for open solicitations directly in the tool. Guide vendors through the process of responding electronically to RFPs, bids, etc. to ensure submissions have been accurately completed. Ultimately, be your one location for all bid opportunities issued by the City of Pittsburgh. Ability to review award results/postings electronically. To get started, click here and signup. You’ll receive an email to activate your account. For more information about how to
                        register, please see our help file here . THERE IS NO COST FOR VENDORS TO REGISTER WITH OpenGov. Beacon Registration | OMB Homepage © City of Pittsburgh For assistance with the OpenGov tool: Visit the online Help Center for answers to common questions. Or contact the OpenGov Procurement team at procurement-support@opengov.com for help at any time! For other information contact: vendors@pittsburghpa.gov