0	Time left to complete order Frequently Asked Questions Pre-Performance How can I order tickets? Tickets for most events are on sale 24 hours/day from our online calendar 
1	 The Heinz Hall Box Office hours are Monday - Friday, 9 am - 6 PM, Saturday 12 pm - 4 pm
2	 Tickets may be purchased by calling 412
3	392
4	4900 Monday - Friday, 9 am - 6 pm, Saturday 12 pm - 4 pm
5	 Services charges apply to phone and Internet orders
6	 When can I arrive for concerts? Our doors open one hour and 15 minutes prior to classical concerts and one hour prior for all other performances
7	 For a relaxing and enjoyable experience, we encourage you to arrive early, particularly if you need to stop at the box office
8	 How do I print my tickets at home? If you selected to print your tickets at home in the purchase path, you can follow the instructions here to print them
9	 What are your security policies? Entrance Security Policy All audience members are required to enter through state-of-the-art scanning equipment, designed both to enhance security and convenience
10	 Heinz Hall selected a “free-flow” system which allows patrons to simply walk through unimpeded
11	 There will be no need to remove coats or bags; cell phones and keys can remain in your pockets
12	 Patrons using wheelchairs and mobility devices will be directed to enter via a door adjacent to the screening equipment where alternative screening will occur
13	 Patrons with children in strollers may enter through the screening equipment
14	 Bag and Personal Belongings Policy Heinz Hall reserves the right to search any bags entering the facility
15	 Oversized bags must fit comfortably under a seat to ensure the safety of patrons entering or exiting seats and aisles
16	 Bags failing to meet these requirements must be checked at which time a search will be conducted by security or returned to your vehicle
17	 You are encouraged to leave personal computers and iPads at home, as they are required to be turned off during performances
18	 Costume Policy Heinz Hall does not permit masks of any kind or facsimiles of weapons that would make other guests feel uncomfortable or detract from the concert experience
19	 Guests are welcome to attend certain programs (such as, The Music of Harry Potter or The Music of Star Wars ) in costume
20	 What exactly is the Heinz Hall “free-flow” screening system? In use at hundreds of sites worldwide including Lincoln Center, Oakland (CA) Airport and LL Bean, the Heinz Hall screening system uses “smart” technology to enhance visitor security and convenience
21	 Heinz Hall selected a “free-flow” system which allows patrons to simply walk through unimpeded
22	 There is no need to remove coats or bags; cell phones and keys can remain in your pockets
23	 Patrons using wheelchairs and mobility devices will be directed to enter via a door adjacent to the screening equipment where alternative screening will occur
24	 Patrons with children in strollers may enter through the screening equipment
25	 Artists and promoters may require additional security procedures for their performances
26	 What if I don't want to go through the scanner? An alternative entry door will be available that will have wanding and bag check
27	 Is the scanner safe for medical devices and pregnant women? The system is safe to go through with medical devices and for pregnant women
28	 However, on request, you may use the alternative entry door that will have wanding and bag check
29	 Is screening the the same at every concert or event? As is the case now, artists and promoters may require additional security procedures for their performances
30	 What makes the system "smart" and what will you do with the video images? The screening equipment uses technology to screen for threats
31	 The images captured by the system for alarm purposes are only captured briefly; they are not retained by Heinz Hall
32	 What should I wear to concerts? There is no official dress code for events in Heinz Hall
33	 Many patrons wear business attire, and many prefer to be more casual
34	 Wear whatever makes you feel more comfortable
35	 May I bring my children? Introducing small children to music is important to the PSO and we welcome young children to our youth concerts and Fiddlesticks Family Concerts
36	 Children, approximately age six and over, are welcome at all performances with a purchased ticket (please see Safely Together for current mask and vaccination requirements)
37	 The Latecomer's Gallery and lobby video monitors are always options for restless children
38	 Will there be dinner service in the Mozart Room? We do not anticipate the Mozart Room reopening in the near future
39	 Please patronize our dining partners around Heinz Hall 
40	 Do you have a pre-concert "rush" program? Yes
41	 Beginning two hours prior to most BNY Mellon Grand Classics and PNC Pops performances, students and seniors (age 62+) may purchase discounted rush tickets
42	 Rush tickets are subject to availability and are restricted to certain seating sections
43	 Students and seniors must present valid identification and may purchase one discounted ticket per person
44	 Please note that rush pricing is subject to change
45	 In order to guarantee seating availability, we suggest purchasing tickets prior to the day of the concert you wish to attend
46	 Please note that the PSO offers discounted student and senior subscriptions, which offer the best savings as well as exclusive benefits
47	 For more information on students and senior subscriptions, please click here
48	 Can I organize a group for a concert? Absolutely
49	 With a group ticket purchase you receive discounted tickets, priority seats, personalized service and free reception space
50	 For more information, call 412
51	392
52	4819 or visit our website at pittsburghsymphony
53	org/groups Are there any other services that I should be aware of? The Concierge Service, in the Entrance Lobby, is available to assist with information about Heinz Hall, the Cultural District and area attractions and to help with dining, hotel, entertainment and transportation concerns as well as lost and found
54	 Where can I find Heinz Hall policies? Heinz Hall policies can be found on our website 
55	 Can I check my coat? Coin-operated lockers are located on the Lower and Gallery levels
56	 How will I find parking? Pittsburgh's Cultural District can be very busy but guaranteed prepaid parking is available to all ticket holders in the Sixth & Penn garage across from Heinz Hall
57	 You may purchase prepaid parking when you order your tickets
58	 If you have a smartphone, the ParkPGH app helps you to locate available garage parking near the Cultural District on the go
59	 Performance When should I applaud? Applause is usually appropriate at the end of a piece (when the conductor lowers his hands)
60	 In a multi-movement work, it is customary to wait until the end of the last movement to applaud, so as not to break the concentration of the performers
61	 What if I have to cough? The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra provides complimentary cough drops at the concierge desk located in the entrance lobby
62	 May I take pictures? Unless otherwise announced in the program and at the concert, the use of still, video and digital cameras or audio recording equipment is strictly prohibited at all times in the concert hall
63	 You are more than welcome to take photos and video in the lobbies and garden area of Heinz Hall
64	 What if I arrive late? There is a Latecomer's Gallery, located behind the Main Floor, which affords patrons who arrive after the beginning of a concert the opportunity to enjoy the performance until they can be seated
65	 Latecomers will be seated at suitable intervals during the program, at the discretion of the conductor
66	 The Latecomer's Gallery is also available for parents with younger children
67	 What accessible services are available at Heinz Hall? The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra and Heinz Hall are committed to providing an environment that is inclusive and welcoming to all patrons
68	 For information about our accessible services, please contact the box office at 412
69	392
70	4900 or visit our Accessibility page
71	 Are refreshments available at Heinz Hall? Bar service is available pre-concert and at intermission for Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra concerts
72	 Where are restrooms located in Heinz Hall? Restrooms are located on the Lower, Grand Tier and Gallery levels and off the Garden and Overlook rooms; wheelchair-accessible restroom on the Main Floor
73	 Is smoking permitted at Heinz Hall? Heinz Hall is a non-smoking building and has a No Smoking Policy
74	 Post-Performance and Beyond Where can I purchase PSO merchandise? Please visit our online store for recordings, gift certificates and a growing variety of PSO inspired items
75	 How can I support the PSO? Your ticket purchase supports the PSO and we thank you! But ticket sales only cover a portion of our operating costs
76	 To make a tax-deductible gift to the PSO, contact our Development department at 412
77	392
78	4880 or donate online ! Safely Together →
