Home HP Sticky Nav ENROLL CONTACT Achieving Our Goals for Students Advancing positive student outcomes and experiences is a multi-faceted effort that requires the collaboration of the entire Pittsburgh community. These efforts are coordinated through a series of deliberate plans, each working in tandem to help us achieve our goals for students and ensure excellence, equity, and efficiency. Previous 1 2 3 Strategic Plan We are proud to announce Pittsburgh Public Schools' new strategic plan, Students First Always, in All Ways: A Five-Year Strategic Plan to Drive Student Outcomes and Experiences . We developed our strategic plan with the invaluable input or our community and a thorough analysis of District data. Our plan is designed to achieve six priority outcomes that will guide our efforts over the next five years, ensuring the best possible education and support for all our students. Learn more Facilities Utilization Plan Pittsburgh is changing, and Pittsburgh Public Schools must be flexible and thoughtful in its approach to align and advance student learning and experiences. By making smart moves now, we can offer equitable opportunities to all students and utilize our resources effectively. Working together as one District, not as separate schools or communities, we can transform education. There will be tough decisions ahead, but our common goal is to provide the best for our children. Learn more about how you can provide input on portfolio design in PPS. Learn more Equity For more than three decades, Pittsburgh Public Schools has been working attentively towards building racial equity. We work with the community-appointed Equity Advisory Panel to embed recommendations that support equity through unrelenting advocacy.  Together we strive to move the needle on equity develop tools to encourage cross-functional supports that convert to frameworks for educational improvement and transformation. Learn more Next 1 2 3 1 2 3 Previous STUDENTS FIRST The 20,000 students at Pittsburgh Public Schools are at the heart of all we do. Every day, in every way we strive to support their unique talents and needs. We do it by creating exceptional learning experiences in every one of our classrooms, from PreK to high school. Whether a child needs enrichment activities, help with social and emotional development or simply extra encouragement to stay on track, we meet them where they are. And offer more options, more opportunities and more ways for them to reach their full potential. Discover how we can put your student first. When you choose Pittsburgh Public Schools, you will: Join a mission-driven organization, committed to impacting the lives of children. Help our students succeed. Help us eliminate racial disparities. Receive the support and feedback you need to grow as a professional. Have opportunities to lead and advance in your career. Receive a competitive salary. Enjoy living and working in a vibrant, world-class city. Enroll here Find a career Superintendent Dr. Walters has worked his entire professional career for the Pittsburgh Public Schools and has more than 30 years of experience with PPS, the second-largest public school system in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. He has experience as a Teacher, Assistant Principal, Principal, Assistant Superintendent of 6-12 Schools, Assistant Superintendent of Professional Development and Special Programming, and served as interim Superintendent until assuming the role of Superintendent on August 1, 2022. Learn more Next GET INVOLVED & STAY ENGAGED The Pittsburgh community is full of people who are passionate about supporting the success of Pittsburgh Public Schools students. With so much to offer, there are multiple ways for parents, families and community members to engage to help us reach our goals for students. Volunteer We believe partnerships among schools, families and community are a necessity in creating a successful academic and social experience for our children.   Learn how you can volunteer with PPS. Learn more Media Relations We are committed to fostering transparent communication between the school district, the media, and the community we serve. Learn more Alumni Since 1911, Public Schools has proudly watched many successful graduates step out into the world. Find alumni resources and join us in celebrating the achievements of PPS grads. Learn more Out of School Time The Office of Out-of-School Time exists to ensure that all PPS students have access and exposure to opportunities that complement, enhance, and extend learning that occurs during the school day through a coordinated network of high-quality community partners. Learn more Feedback Coming Soon! Learn more Parents and Families Parents and families play a crucial role in the education and academic success of students.  Find resources to help you stay engaged and support your child's educational journey. Learn more Partner Strong partnerships with businesses, organizations, and the philanthropic community enhance the educational experience for our students. Explore opportunities to collaborate with the District, discover business opportunities, and learn how you can contribute to PPS. Learn more Community Schools Community schools help build stronger communities by engaging parents and families to address barriers to learning. Learn more At a Glance Learn more 54 District Schools 4,473 District Employees $719.4M 2024 General Fund Budget Stay Connected Facebook (opens in new window/tab) Twitter (opens in new window/tab) YouTube (opens in new window/tab) Vimeo Social View View View View Virtual Bid Opening View HIGHLIGHT VIDEOS Your web browser does not support the <video> tag. Your web browser does not support the <video> tag. Your web browser does not support the <video> tag. Your web browser does not support the <video> tag. News Pittsburgh Public Schools superintendent Wayne Walters weighs in on the district’s future Part 2 Read More about Pittsburgh Public Schools superintendent Wayne Walters weighs in on the district’s future Part 2 Pittsburgh Public Schools superintendent Wayne Walters weighs in on the district’s future (opens in new window/tab) Read More about Pittsburgh Public Schools superintendent Wayne Walters weighs in on the district’s future (opens in new window/tab) State Playoffs Change Letter Read More about State Playoffs Change Letter Dr. Walters is receiving the Education award from the Josh Gibson Foundation Read More about Dr. Walters is receiving the Education award from the Josh Gibson Foundation Go to the newsroom Previous Previous