  By the late 1970s and early ’80s, the steel industry had virtually disappeared—a result of foreign competition and decreased demand. Many of the surrounding mill towns were laid to waste by unemployment, becoming a symbol of the notorious Rust Belt, the U.S. region where steelmaking and manufacturing once thrived before succumbing to widespread unemployment and poverty. Pittsburgh, however, successfully diversified its economy through more emphasis on light industries—though metalworking, chemicals, and plastics remained important—and on such high-technology industries as computer software, industrial automation (robotics), and biomedical and environmental technologies. Numerous industrial research laboratories were established in the area, and the service sector became increasingly important. Pittsburgh long has been one of the nation’s largest inland ports, and it remains a leading transportation centre.  Duquesne UniversityStudent Union, Duquesne University, Pittsburgh.(more) 






Are you a student?
Get a special academic rate on Britannica Premium.


Subscribe



  Much of the Golden Triangle has been rebuilt and includes Point State Park (containing Fort Pitt Blockhouse and Fort Pitt Museum), the Gateway Center (site of several skyscrapers and a garden), and the David L. Lawrence Convention Center. The University of Pittsburgh was chartered in 1787. Other educational institutions include Carnegie Mellon (1900), Duquesne (1878), Point Park (1960), Chatham (1869), and Carlow (1929) universities and two campuses of the Community College of Allegheny County (1966).  Carnegie Library of PittsburghCarnegie Library of Pittsburgh in 1901.(more) 
  Central to the city’s cultural life is the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh (formerly Carnegie Institute), an umbrella organization consisting of a number of institutions. Its museums include those for the fine arts and natural history (both founded in 1895), the Carnegie Science Center (1991), which now also houses the Henry Buhl, Jr., Planetarium and Observatory (1939), and the Andy Warhol Museum (1994), which exhibits the works of the Pittsburgh-born artist and filmmaker. Other institutions affiliated with the organization are the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, which contains more than 3.3 million volumes, and the Carnegie Music Hall. The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performs at Heinz Hall, a restored movie theatre.   Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens (1893), which covers 15 acres (6 hectares), is noted for its extensive greenhouses. The city’s zoo, in the northeastern Highland Park neighbourhood, includes an aquarium. Two new sports venues opened in 2001 on the north bank of the Allegheny opposite the Golden Triangle: PNC Park is home of the Pirates, the city’s professional baseball team, and Acrisure Stadium houses the Steelers, its professional football team. The Penguins, Pittsburgh’s professional ice hockey team, plays at PPG Paints Arena. Popular summertime attractions include riverboat excursions on Pittsburgh’s waterways and Kennywood, an amusement park southeast of the city in West Mifflin.